Fix readme (#1256)
ably/ably-dotnet: README.md

}
```

> - When published message is a dotnet object instance, internal newtonsoft will apply default serialization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When calling `channel.Publish` with a dotnet object instance as the message data, the library will use the Newtonsoft Json.NET library to serialize the message with default serialization settings.
```
